guide.md, before:

# Operational guide

## Flashing

Flash any hex file from the release section via the ST-LINK software suite. Power cycle the TMC-EvalShield base board after that.

## Quick start with TMCL-IDE

Get started fast using the [TMCL-IDE](https://www.trinamic.com/support/software/tmcl-ide/).  

1. Attach the shields to your TMC-EvalShield base board.
2. Attach and turn on the power source for the connected shields.
3. Connect the TMC-EvalShield base board via USB to your PC.
4. Open up the TMCL-IDE, open the respective COM port, change the baudrate to 115200 and click connect.
5. Now you can use all the tools the TMCL-IDE provides.

## GPIO manipulation

GPIOs are managed with the `TMC_IO` interface.

```C
#include "HAL.h"
#include "GPIO.h"
GPIO_init();
// All GPIOs are initialized with their static configuration.
TMC_IO *io = GPIO_getPin(14);
// Get IO for MCU pin number 14, which is PA0 for STM32F103.
GPIO_setHigh(io);
// IO is now at high level.
HAL_Delay(1000);
GPIO_setLow(io);
// IO is now at low level.
HAL_Delay(1000);
GPIO_setFloating(io);
// IO is now disconnected (high Z).
```

## UART RX (functional access)

```C
// TMC_UART interface for UART0 is already defined in UART.h.
#include "UART.h"
UART0_init();
// Requesting RX for 256 bytes on interface UART0 using internal buffers and a timeout of 1 second.
UART_rxRequest(&UART0, NULL, 256, 1000);
// Waiting for data available.
while(UART_dataAvailable(&UART0) < 256);
uint8_t data[256];
// Data is available. Copy it from internal data to data array.
UART_rxN(&UART0, &data[0], 256);
```

## UART RX (structural access via TMC_Connection)

```C
// TMC_UART interface for UART0 is already defined in UART.h.
#include "UART.h"
UART0_init();
// TMC_Connection interface for UART0 is now set up.
// Requesting RX for 256 bytes on interface UART0 using internal buffers and a timeout of 1 second.
UART0.con.rxRequest(NULL, 256, 1000);
// Waiting for data available.
while(UART0.con.dataAvailable() < 256);
uint8_t data[256];
// Data is available. Copy it from internal data to data array.
UART0.con.rxN(&data[0], 256);
```

## UART RX with multiple interfaces

Interfaces can be operated as a batch using the TMC_Connection interface.

```C
#include "UART.h"
UART0_init();
UART1_init();
UART2_init();
TMC_Connection *interfaces[3] = { &UART0.con, &UART1.con, &UART2.con };
for(size_t i = 0; i < 3; i++)
  // Do stuff with interfaces
```

## SPI read / write (functional access)

SPI is synchronous and therefore rx/tx operations are blocking and executed directly.  

```C
// TMC_SPI interfaces are already declared in the TMC_SPI_Channel[] array.
#include "SPI.h"
SPI_init(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0]);
// Using SPI channel 0.
// Creating buffer arrays.
uint8_t data_tx[4] = { 0xDE, 0xAD, 0xBE, 0xEF };
uint8_t data_rx[4] = { 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00 };
// Transmitting 4 bytes without direct read-back on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
SPI_txRequest(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0], &data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
// Transmitting 4 bytes with simultanious read-back on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
SPI_txrx(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0], &data_tx[0], &data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
// Requesting RX for 4 bytes on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
SPI_rxRequest(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0], &data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
```

## SPI read / write (structural access via TMC_Connection)

SPI is synchronous and therefore rx/tx operations are blocking and executed directly.  

```C
// TMC_SPI interfaces are already declared in the TMC_SPI_Channel[] array.
#include "SPI.h"
SPI_init(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0]);
// Using SPI channel 0.
// Creating buffer arrays.
uint8_t data_tx[4] = { 0xDE, 0xAD, 0xBE, 0xEF };
uint8_t data_rx[4] = { 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00 };
// Transmitting 4 bytes without direct read-back on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
TMC_SPI_Channel[0].con.txRequest(&data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
// Transmitting 4 bytes with simultanious read-back on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
TMC_SPI_Channel[0].con.txrx(&data_tx[0], &data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
// Requesting RX for 4 bytes on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
TMC_SPI_Channel[0].con.rxRequest(&data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
```

## SPI read / write with multiple interfaces

Interfaces can be operated as a batch using the `TMC_Connection` interface.

```C
#include "SPI.h"
SPI_init(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0]);
SPI_init(&TMC_SPI_Channel[1]);
SPI_init(&TMC_SPI_Channel[2]);
TMC_Connection *interfaces[3] = { &TMC_SPI_Channel[0].con, &TMC_SPI_Channel[1].con, &TMC_SPI_Channel[2].con };
for(size_t i = 0; i < 3; i++)
  // Do stuff with interfaces
```

Commit message:

Documentation
Added an important hint to startup guide.

guide.md, after:

# Operational guide

## Flashing

Flash any hex file from the release section via the ST-LINK software suite. Power cycle the TMC-EvalShield base board after that.

## Quick start with TMCL-IDE

Get started fast using the [TMCL-IDE](https://www.trinamic.com/support/software/tmcl-ide/).  
The order of the following steps is important! The motion controller needs to be powered before powering the base board,
otherwise initialization will fail.  

1. Attach the shields to your TMC-EvalShield base board.
2. Attach and turn on the power source for the connected shields.
3. Connect the TMC-EvalShield base board via USB to your PC.
4. Open up the TMCL-IDE, open the respective COM port, change the baudrate to 115200 and click connect.
5. Now you can use all the tools the TMCL-IDE provides.

## GPIO manipulation

GPIOs are managed with the `TMC_IO` interface.

```C
#include "HAL.h"
#include "GPIO.h"
GPIO_init();
// All GPIOs are initialized with their static configuration.
TMC_IO *io = GPIO_getPin(14);
// Get IO for MCU pin number 14, which is PA0 for STM32F103.
GPIO_setHigh(io);
// IO is now at high level.
HAL_Delay(1000);
GPIO_setLow(io);
// IO is now at low level.
HAL_Delay(1000);
GPIO_setFloating(io);
// IO is now disconnected (high Z).
```

## UART RX (functional access)

```C
// TMC_UART interface for UART0 is already defined in UART.h.
#include "UART.h"
UART0_init();
// Requesting RX for 256 bytes on interface UART0 using internal buffers and a timeout of 1 second.
UART_rxRequest(&UART0, NULL, 256, 1000);
// Waiting for data available.
while(UART_dataAvailable(&UART0) < 256);
uint8_t data[256];
// Data is available. Copy it from internal data to data array.
UART_rxN(&UART0, &data[0], 256);
```

## UART RX (structural access via TMC_Connection)

```C
// TMC_UART interface for UART0 is already defined in UART.h.
#include "UART.h"
UART0_init();
// TMC_Connection interface for UART0 is now set up.
// Requesting RX for 256 bytes on interface UART0 using internal buffers and a timeout of 1 second.
UART0.con.rxRequest(NULL, 256, 1000);
// Waiting for data available.
while(UART0.con.dataAvailable() < 256);
uint8_t data[256];
// Data is available. Copy it from internal data to data array.
UART0.con.rxN(&data[0], 256);
```

## UART RX with multiple interfaces

Interfaces can be operated as a batch using the TMC_Connection interface.

```C
#include "UART.h"
UART0_init();
UART1_init();
UART2_init();
TMC_Connection *interfaces[3] = { &UART0.con, &UART1.con, &UART2.con };
for(size_t i = 0; i < 3; i++)
  // Do stuff with interfaces
```

## SPI read / write (functional access)

SPI is synchronous and therefore rx/tx operations are blocking and executed directly.  

```C
// TMC_SPI interfaces are already declared in the TMC_SPI_Channel[] array.
#include "SPI.h"
SPI_init(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0]);
// Using SPI channel 0.
// Creating buffer arrays.
uint8_t data_tx[4] = { 0xDE, 0xAD, 0xBE, 0xEF };
uint8_t data_rx[4] = { 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00 };
// Transmitting 4 bytes without direct read-back on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
SPI_txRequest(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0], &data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
// Transmitting 4 bytes with simultanious read-back on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
SPI_txrx(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0], &data_tx[0], &data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
// Requesting RX for 4 bytes on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
SPI_rxRequest(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0], &data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
```

## SPI read / write (structural access via TMC_Connection)

SPI is synchronous and therefore rx/tx operations are blocking and executed directly.  

```C
// TMC_SPI interfaces are already declared in the TMC_SPI_Channel[] array.
#include "SPI.h"
SPI_init(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0]);
// Using SPI channel 0.
// Creating buffer arrays.
uint8_t data_tx[4] = { 0xDE, 0xAD, 0xBE, 0xEF };
uint8_t data_rx[4] = { 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00 };
// Transmitting 4 bytes without direct read-back on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
TMC_SPI_Channel[0].con.txRequest(&data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
// Transmitting 4 bytes with simultanious read-back on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
TMC_SPI_Channel[0].con.txrx(&data_tx[0], &data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
// Requesting RX for 4 bytes on SPI channel 0 with a timeout of 1 second.
TMC_SPI_Channel[0].con.rxRequest(&data_rx[0], 4, 1000);
```

## SPI read / write with multiple interfaces

Interfaces can be operated as a batch using the `TMC_Connection` interface.

```C
#include "SPI.h"
SPI_init(&TMC_SPI_Channel[0]);
SPI_init(&TMC_SPI_Channel[1]);
SPI_init(&TMC_SPI_Channel[2]);
TMC_Connection *interfaces[3] = { &TMC_SPI_Channel[0].con, &TMC_SPI_Channel[1].con, &TMC_SPI_Channel[2].con };
for(size_t i = 0; i < 3; i++)
  // Do stuff with interfaces
```
